Document "invalid channel name '[toolchain]'" error (#2697)
rust-lang/rustup: doc/src/overrides.md

(if you are on Windows, check the encoding and that it does not start with a
BOM). The legacy format is not available in `rust-toolchain.toml` files.

If you see the following error (when running `rustc`, `cargo` or other command)

```
error: invalid channel name '[toolchain]' in '/PATH/TO/DIRECTORY/rust-toolchain'
```

it means you're running `rustup` pre-1.23.0
`rustup` pre-1.23.0) and trying to interact with a project that uses the new TOML

> encoding in the `rust-toolchain` file.  You need to upgrade `rustup` to 1.23.0+.

Reviewer: This paragraph needs a teeny bit of cleanup

(if you are on Windows, check the encoding and that it does not start with a
BOM). The legacy format is not available in `rust-toolchain.toml` files.

> If you ever get an error like the following (when running `rustc`, `cargo` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see the following error (when running `rustc`, `cargo` or
```

Author: Applied.

other command)

```
error: invalid channel name '[toolchain]' in '/PATH/TO/DIRECTORY/rust-toolchain'
```

it means you're running `rustup` pre-1.23.0 (or just a default toolchain set by
`rustup` pre-1.23.0) and trying to interact with a project that uses the new TOML
encoding in the `rust-toolchain` file.  You need to upgrade `rustup` to 1.23.0+

> and set the default toolchain again.

Reviewer: There is no need to 'set the default toolchain again'.  You simply need to upgrade `rustup` (e.g. via `rustup self update` or `rustup update`)
